# Data-Analytics-Projects
## Sales Analysis explores a companies sales and answers questions that would provide critical information for the company
## Titanic Predictor attempts to predict which members of the Titanic survived based on a machine learning technique known as Random Tree Classifier
## House Price Predictor uses a machine learning technique from sklearn known as DecisionTreeRegressor to predict the prices of houses from a data set I found. Cross Validation was also performed to more accurately determine the strength of the model
## The predictors of in-hospital mortality for admitted patients remain poorly characterized. I aimed to develop and validate a prediction model for all-cause in-hospital mortality among admitted patients.
## The Medical Cost Personal Datasets link takes you to a jupyter notebook in which I used XGBoost to predict the price of insurance using simple variables. Afterwards I did some hyperparameter tuning to set the amount of trees to 9 to get the most accurate model
## The Bank Churn Predictor link takes you to a jupyter notebook in which I used DecisionTreeRegressor to predict the churn of a Frech bank using simple variables. Afterwards I did some hyperparameter tuning to set the amount of trees to use and the minimum sample leaf.
## Classifying movie reviews takes you to a jupyter notebook where movie reiews were classified as either positive or negative. Then a neural network was used to make predictions of other movie reviews providing the probability that a movie review is positive or negative
## Classifying newswires takes you to a jupyter notebook where, I worked with the Reuters dataset, a set of short newswires and their topics. This will be a single-label, multiclass classification where we classfify Reuters newswire into 46 mutually exclusive topics. I constructed a neural network to make predictions on the probability that a newswire is of a specific topic.
